=Projects Tree View plugin

Projects Tree View is a Redmine plugin which will turn the projects index view into a tree view. It also
propagates the tree view to the project show page's subprojects list.

==Author

* Chris Peterson

==Changelog

For the complete changelog see the <tt>CHANGELOG</tt>-file in the Projects Tree View plugin directory.

==Latest stable release

The currently available, latest stable release of the plugin is version <b>0.0.3</b>.

==Compatibility

This plugin is compatible with Redmine trunk only!

==Obtaining 

<i>URL of the GitHub repository: http://github.com/MischaTheEvil/projects_tree_view/tree/master</i>

The source of this plugin can be "cloned" from the GitHub-repo using:

<tt>$ cd {RAILS_ROOT}/vendor/plugins && git clone git://github.com/MischaTheEvil/projects_tree_view.git</tt>

==Installation

- Download the plugin from the available source (see http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/PluginProjectsTreeView#Obtaining)
- Install the plugin as described at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins (<b>this plugin does not require a plugin database migration</b>)
- Restart Redmine

==Usage

Just install the plugin. After restarting both the views are modified and rendered using the views provided by the plugin.

==Upgrading

- Backup the currently deployed Projects Tree View plugin (<tt>cp -r /vendor/plugins/projects_tree_view /vendor/plugins/projects_tree_view-backup</tt>)
- Update the plugin using <tt>git pull</tt>
- Restart your Redmine

==Uninstalling

- Remove the directory <i>"projects_tree_view"</i> from the plugin-directory <i>"../vendor/plugins"</i>
- Restart Redmine

==Licensing

This plugin is open-source and licensed under the "GNU General Public License v2" (GPL, http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html). See the included <tt>GPL.txt</tt> and <tt>LICENSE.txt</tt> files for details.

* (C)2009, Chris Peterson
* (C)2009, Mischa The Evil

==Support

If you would like to report a bug or request a new feature you can open a new issue at the issue-tracking section of the plugins' GitHub site: http://github.com/MischaTheEvil/projects_tree_view/issues.
You can also post your feedback about the plugin in the dedicated plugin-section of the Redmine forums (http://www.redmine.org/projects/redmine/boards/3)

As an alternative you can also join the <tt>#redmine</tt> channel on the "freenode IRC network" (http://freenode.net/irc_servers.shtml) to see if there is anyone who can provide some support.
